Of course, every Friday for three years, we have been praying in the
nearby Al-Masbah area, opposite Mount Sabie,
and we are sending the young men on their way, and the army is
advancing after them, so
minor skirmishes take place. The children are starting to be quarantined. This is a
natural thing, of course. And while they are above, they are hitting tear
gas bombs, stun bombs, and bullet bombs. It is
the youth, with its shadow descending, meaning in its shadow.
Of course, every Friday, they come in solidarity. They come in solidarity.
Foreigners come in solidarity, and there are some in solidarity from the West Bank
from Palestine.
That is, when they became brothers and were beaten like arrows, the
youth and the solidarity activists all went
down. Of course, the distance that they were present from was the
closest people to the army, which was about 300
metres. This means that the solidarity activists and the youth were far away, and they were
attacked.  Torrents
and bullet bombs were the last
thing about the soldiers who were standing here. It could be a
sniper, because he had a weapon fixed on the hood. He was hit by two
bullets. One of them hit the head of the
Turkish solidarity activist, Aisha Nour,
and they took her. The ambulance was close to her. They took her
in the ambulance and we started asking them. They said, “She is a
solidarity activist.” She was hit in the head. And then...  For a while, they
said, “She was
martyred.” This is what happened. I mean, it is brief. Of course, they were happy
because that means when the sniper was sitting and
wanted to snipe when he hit her. Of course, they were happy. They were very happy
because they thought that he was the one who
hit a Palestinian young man.
From Aljazera